An old man recently retired from his jobs, which he fully committed to. His priority was success in his profession. So he thought spending time unrelated to his job is a waste. As a result, he became 
successful that he gained comparable amount of wealth that he can spend for the rest of his life. He thought he would be happy if he has enough wealth to spend, but in fact, he was not. He looked 
back of his past and what he can remember is work, work, and work. He forgot what he loved to do when he was young. As he no longer has job, what is left to him is only time and wealth. But these 
were useless as he does not know how to spend wealth and time. Time keeps going on, but he still does not know what to do. This caused his doubts on his belief, which was that success is ultimate 
goal of life. As the doubts grow on, he felt devastated. One day, he did not want to feel such that way so he decided to go out without destination. He just follow the way his legs led.

One day the man saw forest gump running down the road. He decided to follow him and see where forest gump's legs took him.
He go tired and laid down on the side of the road. There he fell asleep and the next thing he knew, he was in an 18-wheeler heading across the country.
The old man was confusedd, but it didn't matter because he knew he couldn't return to his old life of sorrow. He was ready to turn a new leaf and get his life back on track.

The 18-wheeler drove to a seashore, and turned into a submarine. The submarine jumped itself into the see and begin to sink. The deeper the submarine go, the stranger the things go both inside and outside. He first arrived the sea of times, and the clock begins to tick strangely. The body of the old man turned younger and older. After a while, they left there and run into a land with nothing but white, in the middle of nowhere. A man is sitting right in the middle of the nowhere land. The old man got surprised and of all the sudden, the engin of the submarine stopped and the deck opened.

